[Music]
so today is the first day of school
first day my senior year and I can't
believe the summer's over
I already know what I'm wearing that
were you know one alright I'm just gonna
turn on some music and this morning make
it a little bit better
I said it before and I'll say it again
life moves pretty fast it's not about
personality matrixels and charts it's
all about the b-bumps in your heart
[Music]
Jane you're wrong just wait I can't
so fun fact you guys I've had this tide
since my freshman year and I just loosen
it and then put it back on like this
it's quicker and it's also just now I
can't untie it until I graduate so right
after I graduate I'm going to untie this
tie it feels very surreal to be putting
my school clothes back on because
they're not my favorite thing to wear
and I can't believe summer's over and
now I have to wear them again ok so I'll
show you my outfit here it is here's the
look white shirt from JCPenney my ties
from lands and skirt is from Lands End
socks are from my friend Sofia and shoes
are from shoe carnival but they're the
white Reeboks my earrings I'm just
wearing some gold hoops from brandy
melville I can't I can't believe I can't
believe it's the first day of school
ok well let's let's do that and go
downstairs
so we're successfully cried already once
today so see how the rest of the day
goes um anyway we're headed to school
now and we're gonna listen to some music
hopefully that's not yours Up We're late
is like completely moldy Oh
this doesn't make you happy I don't know
what does okay you can see better on the
camera than you can yeah we made it to
school
we just said a prayer because we've had
kind of a rough morning and we need some
help
let's go people you'll never believe
what I have yes Oh Cheers
but yeah I look at my I literally just
have like but you can't so this is what
I've eaten for lunch and then I have
some stuff that I packed from like this
morning Hannah Allie and Hailey I just
finished up taking a thumbnail so I
spent like five minutes just posing I
would have been really really awkward if
someone walked in today was good I just
still can't believe it's back at school
I feel like
have a good day mr. Schaeffer see you
later all right so I'm gonna talk right
now school ends at 3:00 and it's
currently 321 because my video for today
has to be been done uploaded it's 91%
right now and it says it has nine
minutes left so I get to stay here until
it's done being uploaded because I can't
upload videos in my house which is very
unfortunate but it's okay
overall my first days like I'm so washed
out it's been a good day it's been kind
of crazy trying to figure out where all
the different classes go because because
our school building is pretty small
we're working it out and yeah like I
said I'd like to come a minutes left to
upload this video and then I will head
home I didn't have very much homework
usually anymore on the first day of
school but today it's mostly just like
reading over some things
okay favorite song counting stars there
we go
your hair is straight backs come on are
you leaning up against the chalkboard
why do you have a purple we're finishing
school and we're now headed home this is
actually new artist we got it
okay guys so I made a home and my sword
you went inside but I'm just gonna go
inside and edit and finish up some
assignment yeah but that like that's the
end of my school day my end of my first
day of school senior year which is crazy
I still feel like I'm like 12 years old
but you know it's life one more year man
then it's done then high school is done
that's crazy well yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I am excited to
work with the school year Holtz and
everything I'm gonna learn and just
everything so anyway I hope you enjoyed
today's video make sure to give a like
and subscribe if you're new I love you
guys so so much and I hope you have a
good rest of your day and a good rest of
your week and I'll see you in my next
video
[Music]